### #1: Creating a card

Do a `npm start` to start the development server. The project can be accessed on `http://localhost:3333`
Go to `http://localhost:3333/src/components/cw-card` to see the component. You can edit the index in the cw-card folder to see the working of the component.
We will create an login screen with the use of components. You can create this login screen in `http://localhost:3333/src/login.html` (the HTML can be found in `src/login.html`).
In the folder ux-specs you can find some specifications for the components we will create. 
The functionality of card is basically a styling component, because the card doesn't know about the content that it carries. It's just a wrapper that will size with the content inside.
To achieve this we will work with slots.

- Open the tsx file for card, which you can find in `src/components/cw-card/cw-card/tsx`
- We need to create two slots. One will be for a header and one will be the form content. 
- Add the following in the existing div:
-       <slot name="header" />
        <slot name="content" />
- In the index.html in the `cw-card` folder you can check if it's working by adding `<h1 slot="header">Login</h1>`
- Header can be a `h1` with and be styled the way it should look, but there's also a possibility to create a component for this. 
- In the index.html in de `cw-card` folder you can add the slots and see if it's working. The component will know that a certain element is for the slot by putting the attribute `slot="<name-of-slot>"`. For example for header:
  `<h1 slot="header">Here comes header</h1>`
- You can do the same with some html content that has a slot with content.  
  
        