### #1: Creating text-input

- Create a folder within the `components` folder that with the name `cw-text-input` and add the same type of files that are in `cw-card` (scss file, tsx and index.html). Change the files according to the `cw-text-input`.
- We will be creating a text-input component and we need to have some attributes. We will be using most of the attributes that a normal input will have.
- In the interfaces folder there's already an interface for inputElements. This can also be used in the future for input fields such as radiobutton, checkbox and textarea. Make sure that the class is implementing `ICwInputElement`.
- Add the following properties and them with the correct @Prop decorator: 
  ```
      disabled: boolean = false;
      id: string = '';
      name: string = '';
      max: number;
      maxlength: number = 500;
      min: number;
      minlength: number = 0;
      pattern: string;
      placeholder: string;
      readonly: boolean = false;
      required: boolean = false;
      type: string = 'text';
      value: string;
   ```
- Because the property `value` will be mutable within the component (because of the input changing) we will be adding the mutable option in the property. This can be achieved by adding `@Prop({ mutable: true })`.
- Create a render function which will return a div with a class `cw-text-input` and put a input in the div. This input will have all the attributes that you have in the component itself. This can be achieved by creating an object with the attributes like this:
    ```javascript
     const attributes = {
          disabled: this.disabled,
          id: this.id,
          name: this.name,
          maxLength: this.maxlength,
          pattern: this.pattern,
          placeholder: this.placeholder,
          readonly: this.readonly,
          required: this.required,
          type: this.type,
          value: this.value
        };
    ``` 
- Create an input that will look like this:
    ```javascript
      <input class=`cw-text-input__field`
            { ...attributes } />
    ```   
- Create a reference to the input element that will refer to the input field. This you can do by creating a variable `private inputText: HTMLInputElement` and by assigning to the input element by adding the following inside the input element in the render function: `ref={ (element) => this.inputText = element }` 